everybody loves fresh salads but who has
that time or patience to prepare them
you cut wash and dry the lettuce and
that's just the start
you slice dice cube and great now you
need to wrap it seal it store it and by
the time you serve it everyone's lost
their appetite not anymore
introducing salad chef the revolutionary
salad making system that makes the
world's greatest salads as fast as one
two three slicing spin it seal it store
it and serve it all in one hey everybody
today's show is all about fast and easy
food preparation oh this isn't fast or
easy
well now Elizabeth there is one product
that will replace everything you have
right here introducing the revolutionary
salad chef from genius mixed salad in
three seconds don't believe it watch
this romaine lawn iceberg - radicchio 3
all right they're in the basket look the
salad chef is also a high speed salad
spinner with two baskets one for lettuce
and your large veggies and a smaller one
for berries herbs shrimp you know the
small stuff you just rinse the food or
right in the basket let it drain then
place the basket back inside the
container you add the spinner lid lock
it in place and now you simply crank the
handle the salad chef uses centrifugal
high speed spin technology that
literally spins the food dry in a matter
of seconds there's even a convenient
strainer bit to drain out the water
without spills or splatters now pop off
the spinner lid place the food in the
bowl top on and lock the slicing lid and
start adding a good stuff with the salad
chef you could prepare just about
anything and everything imaginable at
lightning speed radicchio hard-boiled
eggs melon strawberries romaine bell
pepper cucumber mozzarella cheese onion
leaves celery ham tomato Apple zucchini
potato Turkey carrot iceberg lettuce
pineapple and red cabbage so if you want
to slice it dice it or cubed julienne it
shred it or even greatest no matter how
you flight this nothing does it faster
or better in a one-and-only salad chef
here's how to order
introducing salad chef the world's
fastest salad making system the spin and
slicing lids lock into place for sturdy
countertop slicing the slicing blades
are made of razor-sharp never dull
hardened stainless steel the containers
are crystal clear ultra durable
shatterproof and kitchen tested to last
for years and with the salad chef
cleanup is a snap just push the button
and the food press pushes remnants right
into the bowl salad chef the world's
fastest salad making system